# Creator-joy

Hashtag Hashtag Thoughts

to build this project, first I was simply going to use YTDLP to fetch the subtitles or the extraction from the YouTube videos that are already available as the captions and YTDLP can extract them, but then I thought that just the captions would not be such a great data point to serve as context for the kind of questions a creator might be asking. A creator might be asking the agent more about the video. The creator doesn't only read the caption, he is looking at the videos, looking at the animations, the camera, the body language, the cues, etc. And if we just create a transcript or a dialogue caption there, we are losing a lot of rich data that we have in the process. So, instead of just doing a standard extraction like that, I thought it would be much much better if we could use Gemini which is a multimodal model. So, it has both video and audio understanding and we can give the complete video and audio to Gemini to then analyze that video and then create analysis transcription of it which can which is a much higher quality data point to index which the creator when he will chat can do and ask much more things about and understand much more deeper of what has been happening. So, to do that, I scrapped the initial idea of the transcription as just the subtitle or the caption. I am doing a much more in-detailed multimodal analysis of how a creator looks at other creators' video to better his own work or how he will basically analyse and improve his own work when he is looking at content from other creators in that sense. So, that is the first example, that is why the transcript that I am making is in itself a multi-workflow thing where the transcript would be much more unexpected in the way that the transcript is made and that I will share.

So I have a rich video transcription dot MD that basically tells how rich transcription is supposed to look like. Now for this is again much more customized and tailor-made for our use case where we will be using the structured generation that Gemini will give us by default to our advantage. To use meta data to use pre search filtering and then use hybrid search and then do some post processing as well for our re-ranking after all the retrievals are done. We are doing this specifically to reduce the hallucination. so that is about the the rack pipeline. 

about the chat agent instead of having a multi-agentic system will have a multi-skill system or a skill based agent that can basically use multiple skills and figure out the best answer for a particular query the reason I am not doing multi-agent is because it is kind of rigid and it kind of locks us in a particular way of doing or answering a certain thing if we were we are instead going to use a multi-skill and sub-agent approach instead.

okay the chatbot is completely implemented now and it is just like I wanted it to so there is a main chat agent which only has one tool which is called use sub agent with skills and it has two arguments one is the skill the sub agent will use and second is the situational cross which basically gives basically forces the chat agent to give this sub agent more context about the situation it is in now and why it is delegating that particular task there are multiple skills which I made based on the product research that I did the main skill that we care about is the search skill which basically takes care of the Rack system what we can do there are few more things in the tool we have wrapped it basically some sort of lies into runtime so that we don't have to pass a few arguments like project ID every time so there are less chances of the LLF failing for the tool called Gemini has some weird works and nuances when it comes to tool calls those are also being handled completely the main goal we had was to give at a point of time when we are making an LLF call the number of tools the number of tools binded with that LLF call should be as least as possible so in skills like hook analysis where it needs the first the first 30 seconds we don't even use retriever tool associated with that skill we just ingest the first 30 seconds of segment that we have directly into the context as human message so basically that's how I think our chatbot will work much much more deterministically and reliably what I will do next is basically increasing the quality of output and the value we can out of the chat so.

about the front end I've made it in AstroJS and not in React because just I like the way AstroJS does things I feel like whenever we do use React in production it only works best with Versace and there are a few caveats that we get with React whereas in Astro we have one major advantage that it is basically just HTML, CSS, with JavaScript wherever required and so the responsiveness and the load types are very fast and it's also very good if we are thinking about HCU and basically you know overall responsiveness of the app I wanted to keep it simple also that's why I'm going with Astro but definitely React is a much more mature system and we think about server side rendering and all the other features but right now I'm using Astro.


